Not Mr. Ye
Don't you own real estate?
I still want you to buy a house.
It's not a conflict.
Stay
Okay, that's a scratch.
There is a nice property
All villas
And ah!
I still hired several foreign designers.
Well-designed
Are they all sold to rich people like you?
What are you waiting for?
Go for a walk and get some money
OK
Mr. Ye, this is it
Ye Fan
You are Chen Xiao
Me.
Why are you here?
My friend said this house is nice
Come and see
Ye Fan, what did you just say?
Are you here to see the house?
Ye Fan didn't expect to see you for a few years without changing your appearance
Is this bragging ability? That's gone up a lot
You know our house
How much is the cheapest one?
Don't you know yet?
I'll tell you what.
Our house
The cheapest one 600,000
600,000 do you know what the concept is?
On your terms
You can't make that much money in a lifetime
How do you speak?
How do you know that Mr. Ye has no money?
Mr. Hanye
I don't know how many taels he weighs
If he, Ye Fan, could come up with so much money
I'll kneel and kowtow to him now and apologize